hello thank you for coming by today and
listening to this product review today's
topic will be a pair of aviator
sunglasses maybe your sunglasses as you
may know are very popular heading into
2009 since they are so popular that's
why I decided to do a product review on
a pair of X loops these this particular
pair of X loops that i have is x loop
8xl 1269 that's the model number and
these are a wraparound fit they're not
like your traditional flat aviators and
have a nice quality metal frame the
metal frame comes in black this I'll set
have this one here is in a brushed
nickel frame or a dark chrome nickel
nickel frame and so which you also
notice about the the frame 1 this is
it's real thin of the sidearm so it's
easy to stick under your helmet you know
if you're a skateboarder or if you ride
motorcycles you know that sort of thing
and they're a little bit larger lenses
then you normally find the and on the
traditional size aviators so they have
nice coverage for your eyes the lenses
are one hundred percent UVA and UVB
protected and they you know serve
general purpose needs and the lenses are
made out of a anti shatter material as a
polycarbonate material so it'll
withstand you know a little bit more
bumps and scratches in your typical new
lens the frame also has spring temple
hinges say it has some flexibility okay
sure maybe playing basketball or
something you get bumped and flex with
you
to find this online if you go to your
google search engine and type in 8x12 69
aviators and you'll find sources on
there and there's some people to take
care of it so thank you very much for
coming by and have a great day